[docs] update pythonic resources in branch deployment guide (#17326)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/guides/dagster/branch_deployments.mdx

- [Ops](/concepts/ops-jobs-graphs/ops) - We'll define two ops that query Snowflake: the first will clone a database, and the second will drop database clones.
- [Graphs](/concepts/ops-jobs-graphs/graphs) - We'll build graphs that define the order our ops should run.
- [Jobs](/concepts/assets/asset-jobs) - We'll define jobs by binding our graphs to resources.

> - [Resources](/concepts/resources) - We'll use the [Snowflake resource](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-snowflake#dagster_snowflake.SnowflakeResource) to swap in different Snowflake connections to our jobs depending on environment.

Reviewer: This guy works with PyObject - lets use that so we don't need to update this link again:

```suggestion
- [Resources](/concepts/resources) - We'll use the Snowflake resource (<PyObject object="SnowflakeResource" module="dagster_snowflake" />) to swap in different Snowflake connections to our jobs depending on the environment.
```

We’ll first need to define a job that clones our `PRODUCTION` database for each branch deployment. Later, in our GitHub actions workflow, we can trigger this job to run upon each redeploy. Each clone will be named `PRODUCTION_CLONE_<ID>` with `<ID>` representing the pull request ID, ensuring each branch deployment has a unique clone. This job will drop a database clone if it exists and then reclone from production, ensuring each redeployment has a fresh clone of `PRODUCTION`:

<Note>

>   Why use ops and jobs instead of assets? We'll be writing ops to clone the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <strong>Why use ops and jobs instead of assets?</strong> We'll be writing ops to clone the
```

I think this explanation is fine. Suggesting we bold the first sentence to make the point of the callout skimmable :)

We’ll first need to define a job that clones our `PRODUCTION` database for each branch deployment. Later, in our GitHub actions workflow, we can trigger this job to run upon each redeploy. Each clone will be named `PRODUCTION_CLONE_<ID>` with `<ID>` representing the pull request ID, ensuring each branch deployment has a unique clone. This job will drop a database clone if it exists and then reclone from production, ensuring each redeployment has a fresh clone of `PRODUCTION`:

```python file=/guides/dagster/development_to_production/branch_deployments/clone_and_drop_db.py startafter=start_clone_db endbefore=end_clone_db
from dagster_snowflake import SnowflakeResource

from dagster import In, Nothing, graph, op

> @op

Reviewer: Should we (at some point) explain why we're using ops over assets here? I know some users only want to run SQL queries and they've been pointed to assets, but as these don't *technically* create assets (with the exception of `create database`, I guess), ops seem appropriate. Mostly just curious.

Author: ok I added a little note in. I tried to keep it brief and high level, but let me know if it needs more details or should hit on other topics

    drop_database_clone()
```

> We’ve defined `drop_database_clone` and `clone_production_database` to utilize the [Snowflake resource](/\_apidocs/libraries/dagster-snowflake#dagster_snowflake.SnowflakeResource). The Snowflake resource will use the same configuration as the Snowflake I/O manager to generate a connection to Snowflake. However, while our I/O manager writes outputs to Snowflake, the Snowflake resource executes queries against Snowflake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We’ve defined `drop_database_clone` and `clone_production_database` to utilize the <PyObject object="SnowflakeResource" module="dagster_snowflake" />. The Snowflake resource will use the same configuration as the Snowflake I/O manager to generate a connection to Snowflake. However, while our I/O manager writes outputs to Snowflake, the Snowflake resource executes queries against Snowflake.
```
